First try to create a reddit imgur scrape which scrapes images from subreddits and saves them
Using beatiful soup


the links are from different sources, one idea to identify the sources would be to splice the https://
from the begining of the links. And then identify the imgur ones since they start with i



If I find a image, check the div class entry unvoted then p class title or tag line

So I either have to save the entire post with an id or scrape all posts and if an image is detected save the img and user+desc


seems like I just can use praw and get all the submissions




Code Plan

Split the code into different programs. The first one will just be a reddit scraper which scrapes a subreddit of picture+user+title+num_comments. The second program will be a instagram bot which follows and unfollows people based on how responsive they are to liking your accounts pictures. If they dont like the following stops. Store all accounts in a database and give them a score depending on how active they are and if they fall below just unfollow them. Third program will create instagram posts out of the pictures which are saved and keep track on what time it should post these images for maximum number of likes. And also figure out a system for titles and hashtags to the posts.


Reddit Scraper:

Figure out how to decide how many post it will scrape from hot and all. Maybe some kind of system which evalulets the post based on number of comments and upvotes. When the value get below a certain treshhold its time to stop

so maybe I just get posts until I reach a certain thresh hold?
or what else can I do to solve the limit problem?
The question is how many posts I should save from top all time!

Solution:
evaluate each post and when the score is declining stop retrieving

conditions on when to save the post:
1. It contains a imgur link or a savable picture, no gifs
2. It has a upvote downvote ratio above 0.75 and a min
3. If the user posting has not been deleted



okay so now, let's say I save all links which are considered worth saving into a database with link, username, title

so next up is creating a db and then a table into each post get saved, but before it need to make sure the condition are met. Which will be added after the database file is created
